Migrate Quanta/DEM documentation (#4629)
centreon/centreon-documentation: dem/installation/dem-ip-addresses.md

---
id: dem-ip-addresses
title: DEM IP addresses
---

# DEM IP addresses

## Probe addresses

Our probes can query your site on ports 80 (HTTP) and 443 (HTTPS) or use the ICMP protocol. For most publicly accessible sites no configuration is required; however, in some cases firewalls or bot protections like Imperva or reCaptcha may automatically block our visits.

> If that's the case, here is the list of IPs you should whitelist to allow DEM access:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If that's the case, here is the list of IP addresses you should whitelist to allow DEM access:
```

- 18.200.8.204
- 34.241.126.134
- 34.242.201.38
- 34.243.127.23
- 34.248.113.181
- 34.250.75.1
- 34.252.162.102
- 34.255.79.251
- 52.18.157.52
- 52.30.194.126
- 52.48.148.3
- 52.50.31.122
- 52.31.137.223
- 52.51.174.216
- 52.208.14.10
- 52.214.41.253
- 52.48.151.164
- 52.212.161.58
- 54.170.157.253
- 54.154.70.169
- 54.170.78.117
- 63.34.67.195
- 99.81.201.50
- 185.48.122.159

## Endpoint addresses for server agents

If you use server agents (the “System” section in DEM), each of your servers regularly sends data (once per minute) to the DEM service.

> This is **outbound** HTTPS traffic (port 443) and is often allowed by default, but if your firewall restrictions are strict and you need to allow specific destinations for DEM, list the following destination IPs:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This is outbound HTTPS traffic (port 443) and is often allowed by default. However, if your firewall rules are strict and you need to allow specific destinations for DEM, list the following destination IP addresses:
```
